`Table` documentation - Tweak to wording of an example (#1835)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/code/how-to-use.md

#### Visually hidden table headers

> Labels within the table header are intended to provide contextual information about the column's content to the end user. There may be special cases in which that label is redundant from a visual perspective, because the kind of content can be inferred by looking at it (eg. a contextual dropdown).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels within the table header are intended to provide contextual information about the column’s content to the end user. There may be special cases in which that label is redundant from a visual perspective, because the kind of content can be inferred by looking at it (eg. a contextual dropdown).
```

> In this example we're visually hiding the label in the last column by passing `isVisuallyHidden=true` to it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we’re visually hiding the label in the last column by passing `isVisuallyHidden=true` to it:
```
